# JohnBurns
Repository made from chapter 3 in Getting MEAN.  In chapter4, the typo is on page 92 Listing 4.5 at the very top where the code says "doctype 5".  It should say "doctype html". The book's indentation was extremely difficult to follow and it did not match up with that of the ch04 src from GitHub.

Chapter05:
Everything went pretty smoothly for the most part.  I did have a hard figuring out how to set up the mongodb environment.  I also had to use both gitbash and command prompt, which was annoying and confusing at times.  The mongo shell was pretty cool.  Changing my dbURI to equal process.env.MONGOLAB_URI did not really work for me so I just left the mmongoDB connection string.  I also could not find the connection confirmation in the heroku logs, but my app connects to mongo and works locally and on the heroku url.  

Chapter06/07:
Everything went well in chapters 6 and 7.  The only thing that I am having trouble with is that none of my locations are being loaded into the locations array, therefore they do not appear on the homepage.  My REST API works except for the fact that it does not interact correctly with the homepage.  I think that it has something to do with the geography stuff.  My locationsListByDistance is messed up and I believe that is why my homepage is not appearing properly.  Everything was working properly until I put that model in and the only response I could get from the postman was an empty array (indicating no locations nearby).  Also, there seemed to be many typos in these past 2 chapters.  The locations vs location thing was confusing because it is hard to not second guess yourself, especailly when referencing the downloaded code from the book and it has those same mistakes.  There was also a possible typo on page 235 where is says to change something within the doAddReview function in locations.js in app_api/controllers.  Either this is the wrong filename or the wrong directory, or I really missed something.  

http://dry-savannah-61693.herokuapp.com
